AMP-100504 - Browser SDK supports getting session id from URL (#350)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: includes/sdk-ts-browser/shared-cross-domain-tracking.md

You can track anonymous behavior across two different domains. Amplitude identifies anonymous users by their device IDs which must be passed between the domains. To maintain the same session and ensure a continuous user journey, also pass session IDs to the other domain. 

!!! note

    Starting from `v2.8.0` the SDK

    - Supports getting session ID from the URL parameter `ampSessionId`

>     - Takes `ampDeviceId` URL parameter as the first option for device ID and falls back to `deviceId` URL parameter for backward compatitible. So you don't need to change your code to upgrade to versions higher than `v2.8.0` if you are using `deviceId` with previous versions 

Reviewer: I think it would be good to structure the multiple options similarly. e.g. make it similar to the session ID option above.

```suggestion
    - Supports getting the  device ID from the URL paramter `ampDeviceId`. The URL parameter takes precedence over the SDK configuration. Previous versions of the SDK supported the `deviceId` URL parameter, this option is still supported for backward compatibility but `ampDeviceId` will take precedence if both are set. You don't need to change your code if upgrade to versions higher than `v2.8.0` but it is recommended.
```

Author: Thanks Justin, it looks better. But SDK configuration takes precedence over the URL parameter. I changed it to 
```
Starting from `v2.8.0` the SDK supports getting the device ID from the URL paramter `ampDeviceId`. The SDK configuration, for example, `init('API_KEY', { deviceId: 'custom-device-id' })` still takes precedence over the URL parameter. Previous versions of the SDK supported the `deviceId` URL parameter, this option is still supported for backward compatibility but `ampDeviceId` will take precedence if both are set. You don't need to change your code if upgrade to versions higher than `v2.8.0` but it is recommended.
```

 The SDK can parse the URL parameter automatically if `deviceId` is in the URL query parameters.

Starting from `v2.8.0`, the SDK can automatically get session ID from the URL to maintain the same session and ensure a continuous user journey.

1. From Site 1, grab the device ID from `getDeviceId()` and the session ID from `getSessionId()`.
2. Pass the device ID and session ID to Site 2 via a URL parameter when the user navigates. (for example: `www.example.com?ampDeviceId=device_id_from_site_1&ampSessionId=1716245958483`)
3. Initialize the Amplitude SDK on Site 2 with `init('API_KEY', null)`.

If the `deviceId` and `sessionId` aren't set in `init('API_KEY', null, { deviceId: 'custom-device-id', sessionId: 1716245958483 })`, the SDK automatically falls back to using the URL parameters respectively.

It's recommended to follow the same session ID format as the Browser SDK by using `Date.now()`. Because the SDK checks whether an event is in session every time an event is tracked. For example, 

```typescript
// if session ID is set to 12345

> // https://www.example.com?ampDeviceId=my-device-id&ampSessionId=12345

Reviewer 2: Might be replace the ampSessionId with a real timestamp?

Author: This is an example of not using a real timestamp will cause a problem.
